hello guys welcome to my channel and
today this video is going to be about
answering your questions thank you so
much for asking them many of them were
really interesting and I'm going to
start with the first one
it's actually where you're from and
here's the city I'm from you can see it
in the back it's in Petersburg in Russia
and no I'm not from Brazil not from
China nor from Vietnam because some some
guys guessed I was from China which is
kind of funny because I don't think I
will Chinese do I see yeah I'm Russian
and this is my homeland in the back and
we actually have a very beautiful River
and you can see ships sailing so really
nice if you have an opportunity please
come and visit I have all of your
questions here with me so I'm just going
to go through I haven't done any prep I
wanted to be live and I wanted to be
natural know like the answers that I've
remembered and memorized ok set it to
rain but I hope we'll have 10 minutes ok
so question number 2 tell us about your
future plans ok
I don't really like planning because you
know it's it's such a bad thing when
your plans do not come to life and I
think one of my goals in life is to grow
my company internationally and I really
want to help as many students as I can
to go and study abroad to learn their
language and I think I feel really lucky
that I found the passion in my life
something I would be happy to do so I
have been happy to help people study
abroad for more than 5 years already
and I really hope it continues this way
because I get inspired by the students I
get inspired by the clients by my
colleagues that I work with and by the
whole job in general like travelling so
yeah I really hope I will continue doing
that and that's really my plan continue
traveling and you know develop myself
continue learning also some people think
oh you're 25 you should stop learning
this is time you know to sit back and
relax I hope this time never comes for
movies I always like to learn right now
I'm learning you know Italian language
this I'm trying to I'm also trying not
to forget German trying to travel so
yeah I play
to keep learning and there was another
question like are you rich while you're
traveling so much so no it's not
actually it's coming from my job as I
said I get to travel a lot for work
because I send students all over the
world to language schools to
universities and representatives from
those schools and universities they
invite me to come over and they say hey
marina you've already sent like a
hundred of student to us could you just
come yourself and see by yourself the
place etc and so they just invite me
over and I come and stay with them which
is really exciting and this is one of my
favorite parts of the job and yeah
second favorite is getting your reviews
and getting great testimonials about
study abroad trips okay next question
eeeh she's trying to choose a language
school abroad and she's asking whether
it's better to look for an agency that
can help or whether it's better to do it
yourself I think I should offer
something in the middle which is
language sure basically my business I
don't like all of the agents because
they have so many markups they would
charge you like extra three to four
hundred dollars just for you know
filling in the registration forms which
can be automated and which we did so
everything is just through lingual trip
it's like getting a professional agent
to everything for you except everything
is automatic and you don't have to pay
like extra three to four hundred dollars
just to services and you get prices that
actually lower than direct through
schools so please use Lima trip I'd be
happy if you guys who watch my channel
would also participate in my business
another great question is how to choose
your college major when I was choosing
my college major I didn't have any ideas
what I want to study well I really liked
mathematics and I really liked languages
and I thought I wanted to you know go
and study linguistics but I happy my
parents intervened and they said okay
you're going to be a translator or what
a language teacher this wouldn't really
get you far and the second thing I
wanted to do is mathematics but in
Russia like in my city mathematics
faculty is like one hour drive from the
city and my parents also told me well
you would never
ever you know finish that university if
you will have to if you will have okay
little cyclist you'll have to travel one
hour back from the city yeah that was
funny okay
and so yeah I studied mathematics and
economics which didn't really you know
reflect with my soul something I really
wanted to for life lalala but it gave me
a good foundation in terms of
mathematics it really structured my
brain and economics gave me a sense of
business and also met a lot of great
people so I would say do something what
you're passionate about
but don't think that's something that
you do now you're going to do for the
rest of your life it's very often that
people change careers people change
their majors and you can always do
bachelors in one major and then change
and do masters in something different so
just don't be scared just be ready to
study something for years and but don't
get stuck with it what countries have
you been to allow Russia England USA
Canada France Germany Finland Sweden
Monaco Italy Egypt Ukraine Thailand
Singapore at that Turkey yeah okay I've
been to many countries but there's one
country I haven't visited yet and I
really want to Australia actually had a
chance to go there with my relatives
this summer but because this is the
first summer the lingual trip is you
know really active because last summer
was like we were two months old and this
mood of the summer is the first active
summer for us I really wanted to be
close to my team and you know work not
like travel this summer so but I hope
next year maybe I don't know if I really
want to go to Australia oh this one is
funny and the guy called scepter she ro
is asking me if I can say mint without
touching my lips this one I actually
practiced no I can't it's really funny
it's like I don't know yeah it's a
you cannot do it because you need to
close your lips to say em yep
well this is a here's a general question
from Claudia Joe
she's asking tell us about your life
well I can like tell in a couple of
sentences so I grew up in st. Petersburg
the first time I traveled abroad was
when I was 12
and I went to Finland and I got so
excited that world is actually so
different it's not like st. Petersburg
it's not like this everywhere there are
different countries different people and
not everybody has to you know do
something that other people expect so
there's so many things that changed in
my head after first time I went to broad
and then when I was 14 I went to the UK
and this is what completely changed my
life this made me study English like
crazy
and this is when I decided that my life
will be connected with study abroad and
I actually thought I would be studying
abroad but well I started business in
this sphere when I was well 18 I started
my university 21 I graduated from my
University and said in my business then
two years in business and then oh I
actually went to Germany when I was at
the University for a semester abroad I
studied in Dresden and yeah oh sorry
then there was business for four years
and then we got accepted to 500 startups
and this is when life changed completely
we moved to the States
and I said my American company and now
I'm like back and forth so yeah this is
a nutshell I think if you asked like for
some concrete period like dissing period
of my life I would tell a better story
but this is my life in a nutshell and
and there were some questions about
private life and I don't really like
answering those questions and I think
that the worst thing couples can do is
post pictures of each other on Instagram
and say hey darling I love you so much
you're amazing and then her fiance would
answer this is really weird guys don't
do that but this is my personal opinion
if you think it's great then go on and
do it but I don't like questions about
private life and I think this is
something that should be kept private
which is obvious oh yeah okay my last
answer and your last question I really
like this one because this is what
concerned me for a lot of years how to
make your accent better I started with a
British accent because I went to the UK
and I wanted sound British and what I
did I just got with my friend so I
talked to her and I tried to mimic
everything she said and I try to be an
actor like learning an accent is
learning motorbikes sorry
learning in Axum is learning to be an
actor what I did when everybody left
home I pretended that I'm her or I
pretended that I'm some British person
talking to my friend and I tried to
mimic that accent I did the same for my
German and then I went to Canada and I
realized people don't get my British
accent and this is when I wanted to
start changing medicine because I
realized I wanted to take toy
philanthropist American so I started to
change accents and now I have this sort
of mixture of British American Canadian
Russian like this crazy make sure but
it's understandable people get what I
say and it doesn't sound too you know
artistic so just try to mimic other
people and try to talk to native
speakers as much as possible because
otherwise you wouldn't have anyone to
mimic and the best thing is you know
fall in love with somebody who's
speaking English and try to mimic their
accent okay guys I hope this video was
interesting and if you're watching this
this means you've watched up to the end
which is amazing and please subscribe to
my channel and leave your comments below
if you want me to make some other videos
any other questions that you have for me
please write them below because I have
so many things to tell and I just want
to you know make relevant videos thank
you so much for watching this and have a
great day
bye bye